{"response": 65, "explanation": "Using the provided dataset (629 children across 8 cultural sites), I examined whether (1) reliance on social information (following any demonstrator vs choosing an undemonstrated option) and (2) preference for majority cues (choosing the majority vs minority demonstrator) vary with age and culture.\n\nFirst, I constructed two binary outcomes: (a) social_reliance = 1 when the child chose either the majority or minority demonstrator (y = 2 or 3), and 0 when they chose the undemonstrated option (y = 1); and (b) majority_choice = 1 when the child chose the majority demonstrator (y = 2) and 0 when they chose the minority demonstrator (y = 3), restricting this analysis to the subset of children who followed any demonstrator (y in {2, 3}). I then fit logistic regression models with centered age (age_c) as a continuous predictor and culture as a categorical predictor (8 sites).\n\nModel 1 tested social_reliance ~ age_c + culture. The overall fit of the model relative to a null model was poor (likelihood ratio p ≈ 0.89, pseudo R² ≈ 0.006), indicating that age and culture together explained very little variation in whether children used social information at all. The age coefficient was near zero (odds ratio ≈ 0.99 per unit increase in age, 95% CI roughly 0.97–1.01, p ≈ 0.50), providing no evidence that older children were more or less likely to rely on social information than younger children. Culture contrasts also had odds ratios close to 1 with wide confidence intervals overlapping 1 and non-significant p-values (all > 0.3). This suggests no detectable cross-cultural differences in the basic tendency to follow any demonstrator versus choosing the undemonstrated option.\n\nModel 2 focused on majority preference among children who did rely on social information: majority_choice ~ age_c + culture. Here, age again showed no reliable effect (odds ratio ≈ 0.99 per unit of age, 95% CI roughly 0.97–1.01, p ≈ 0.44), indicating that developmental stage, as captured by age in this dataset, did not systematically shift children\u2019s tendency to favor the majority over the minority demonstrator. In contrast, culture coefficients showed more substantial variation. Several cultures (e.g., cultures coded 3, 5, and 6) had odds ratios around 2–3 relative to the reference culture, with confidence intervals excluding 1 and p-values around 0.006–0.007. This indicates that in some cultural contexts, children who used social information were roughly twice or more as likely to follow majority demonstrations compared with the baseline culture. Other cultures showed odds ratios above 1 but with wider intervals and marginal or non-significant p-values, so the strength of evidence for their differences is weaker.\n\nTaken together, these analyses suggest a nuanced answer to the research question. There is little evidence that children\u2019s reliance on social information or their preference for majority cues changes with age in this dataset, and no strong cross-cultural differences in whether children follow any demonstrator at all. However, among children who do rely on social information, there is clear statistical evidence that their preference for majority cues varies across cultures, with several cultures showing substantially higher majority-following tendencies than the baseline. Because only one of the two key behaviors (majority preference, but not basic social reliance) shows robust cultural variation, and because age effects are consistently null, I interpret the overall evidence as partially but not overwhelmingly supportive of the claim that children\u2019s reliance on social information and majority preference vary across cultures and developmental stages. On a 0–100 Likert scale where 0 is a strong \u201cNo\u201d and 100 is a strong \u201cYes,\u201d I assign a response of 65, reflecting clear cross-cultural differences in majority preference but limited evidence for differences in overall social reliance or age-related developmental change."}

