{"response": 10, "explanation": "Using the 601 first-marriage respondents from the Psychology Today survey, I examined whether having children is associated with less engagement in extramarital affairs. The key predictor is `children` (yes/no) and the outcome is the self-reported number of extramarital affairs in the past year (`affairs`). Descriptively, individuals without children report an average of about 0.91 affairs (n=171) while those with children report about 1.67 affairs (n=430), so the mean level of affairs is higher, not lower, among those with children. Similarly, the share of respondents reporting any affair (>0) is about 15.8% for couples without children versus 28.6% for couples with children, again indicating greater—not reduced—engagement in affairs among those with children. To formally test the association, I fit a logistic regression model for having any affair (`any_affair` = 1 if `affairs` > 0) with `children` as the sole predictor. In this model, having children (vs. no children) is associated with a positive and statistically significant coefficient (log-odds ≈ 0.76, p ≈ 0.001), corresponding to an odds ratio of about 2.1. This means that, without controlling for other factors, respondents with children have roughly twice the odds of reporting an affair compared with respondents without children, which is strong evidence against the hypothesis that children decrease affairs. I then fit a more conservative logistic regression including controls for age, years married, religiousness, education, gender, occupation, and self-rated marital happiness. In this adjusted model, the coefficient for having children remains positive (log-odds ≈ 0.40, odds ratio ≈ 1.5) but is no longer statistically significant at conventional levels (p ≈ 0.17), indicating that once we account for these covariates, we do not have robust evidence that children either increase or decrease affairs. Importantly, however, across both models the estimated effect of having children is never negative; it is either clearly positive and significant (unadjusted) or positive but imprecise (adjusted). There is therefore no empirical support in this dataset for the claim that having children reduces engagement in extramarital affairs, and some evidence that parents may actually report more affairs on average. Because the direction of the association consistently contradicts the hypothesized protective effect and we find no statistically significant evidence of a decrease in affairs attributable to having children, I conclude that the answer to the research question—“Does having children decrease the engagement in extramarital affairs?”—is No, with high confidence that any such decreasing effect, if it exists at all, is not supported by this data."}
