{"response": 50, "explanation": "The dataset contains 629 children aged 4–14 from 8 sites (cultural groups). Overall, 78.86% of children chose a demonstrated option rather than the undemonstrated one, indicating substantial reliance on social information. Among children who copied a demonstrator, 57.86% copied the majority rather than the minority model, indicating a clear majority bias. A binomial GLM for reliance on social information (social vs. nonsocial choice) including age and site (C(y)) as predictors shows a p-value of 0.0612 for age and 0.238 for the overall contribution of site. These values are at best marginal for age and clearly non-significant for site at conventional 0.05 thresholds, so we do not find strong main effects of developmental stage or cultural group on overall social reliance. Adding age-by-site interaction terms for social reliance yields a likelihood-ratio test p-value of 0.0125, indicating that the developmental trajectory of social information use differs significantly across sites even though overall levels are broadly similar. For majority preference among social learners, a binomial GLM predicts copying the majority from age and site. The age coefficient has p-value 0.703, while the overall site contribution has p-value 0.354. Neither effect is statistically significant, providing little evidence that majority bias varies systematically with age or across sites. The age-by-site interaction for majority preference has likelihood-ratio p-value 0.391, which is also non-significant, suggesting that developmental changes in majority bias are broadly similar across sites. Overall, these analyses paint a mixed picture. Children frequently rely on social information and tend to favor the majority when they copy, but robust age- and culture-related differences are limited. We find a significant age-by-site interaction for social reliance, pointing to some cross-cultural variation in how social learning develops, but we see no strong evidence that majority preference itself varies with age or culture. I therefore treat the evidence for the broad claim that both social reliance and majority preference vary across cultures and developmental stages as modest and somewhat inconclusive, which is reflected in a mid-scale Likert response."}