{"response": 47, "explanation": "Using the provided AMTL dataset, I modeled the frequency of antemortem tooth loss with a binomial generalized linear model to explicitly adjust for age, sex, and tooth class. Each observation represents a specimen\u2013tooth-class combination, with the number of missing teeth (num_amtl) out of the observable sockets (sockets). I created a binary indicator for modern humans (genus == 'Homo sapiens') versus all non-human primates (Pan, Pongo, Papio), and included age and prob_male as continuous covariates plus categorical indicators for tooth_class. The outcome was modeled as a grouped binomial response (num_amtl successes, sockets - num_amtl non-missing) using a logit link. The fitted model yields an estimated coefficient for the human indicator of approximately -0.008 with a standard error of about 0.080, giving a t-statistic around -0.10 and a p-value of about 0.92. The corresponding odds ratio for humans relative to non-humans is roughly 0.99, essentially indistinguishable from 1. When predicting AMTL probability for a representative anterior tooth at the mean age and sex estimate, the model gives a missing-tooth probability of about 0.055 for non-human primates and 0.054 for humans \u2014 a negligible difference. These results show no evidence that modern humans have higher AMTL frequencies than the combined non-human primate genera once age, sex, and tooth class are accounted for; if anything, the point estimate is slightly lower for humans but with extremely weak statistical support. To convert the strength and direction of this evidence into the required 0\u2013100 Likert-like scale, I map the t-statistic for the human effect through a logistic function so that t = 0 corresponds to 50 (no clear difference), large positive t gives values near 100 (strong \u2018Yes, humans are higher\u2019), and large negative t gives values near 0 (strong \u2018No\u2019). The observed t \u2248 -0.10 is very close to zero, producing a response of 47, slightly below the neutral midpoint. This reflects a conclusion that the data do not support the claim that modern humans have higher AMTL frequencies than non-human primates after adjusting for age, sex, and tooth class; if anything, the best-fitting model suggests essentially equal or marginally lower AMTL in humans, but the difference is too small and uncertain to be considered meaningful."}

