{"response": "No", "explanation": "Research question: Do modern humans (Homo sapiens) have higher frequencies of antemortem tooth loss (AMTL) compared to non-human primate genera (Pan, Pongo, Papio), after accounting for the effects of age, sex, and tooth class? I analyzed the AMTL dataset at the specimen\u2013tooth-class level using a binomial generalized linear model with a logit link. The response was the proportion of sockets showing antemortem tooth loss in each record, with the number of sockets used as binomial weights. Before modeling, I removed 20 records (about 1.4% of the data) where the recorded number of missing teeth exceeded the number of observable sockets, because such cases are incompatible with a binomial model. The cleaned dataset contained 1430 records spanning 13,422 tooth sockets and 727 AMTL events. The main predictor of interest was an indicator for modern humans (Homo sapiens) versus non-human primates (Pan, Pongo, Papio). The model also controlled for estimated age at death (continuous), sex (using the probability of being male), and tooth class (anterior, posterior, or premolar). In the fitted model, the coefficient for modern humans (is_human) was -0.009 with a p-value of 0.907, indicating no statistically significant difference in AMTL frequency between humans and non-human primates after accounting for age, sex, and tooth class. Pooling across all sockets, non-human primates had an observed AMTL rate of 5.458%, while modern humans had a nearly identical rate of 5.393%. Based on the regression model, the predicted probability that a posterior tooth socket shows AMTL at the mean age and sex values was about 5.581% for non-human primates and 5.533% for humans, a negligible difference in the opposite direction of the hypothesized effect. Because the estimated human effect is essentially zero and far from statistically significant, the data do not support the claim that modern humans have higher frequencies of antemortem tooth loss than non-human primates once age, sex, and tooth class are taken into account."}