{"response": 20, "explanation": "Using the 58 recorded intergroup contests, I modeled the probability that the focal capuchin group won (binary outcome) as a function of relative group size and contest location. Relative group size was defined as focal group size minus other group size (number of individuals), and contest location was summarized as the difference in distance from each group to the center of its home range (focal distance minus other distance in meters). I first fit a logistic regression with these two continuous predictors and an intercept. The estimated coefficients were -0.07 for size_diff (SE 0.07, p = 0.31) and -0.0009 for delta_distance (SE 0.0014, p = 0.53), with McFadden pseudo-R^2 of about 0.014. Both effects are small in magnitude on the log-odds scale and far from conventional thresholds for statistical significance, and the overall model explains very little of the variation in which group wins.\n\nTo make the interpretation more transparent, I also created binary indicators for whether the focal group was larger than its opponent and whether it had a home-range advantage (closer to its own home-range center than the other group). In a second logistic regression using these two binary predictors, the coefficients were -0.52 for the larger group indicator (p = 0.37) and -0.41 for the home advantage indicator (p = 0.46), with pseudo-R^2 of about 0.023. Again, these p-values are large, indicating that, given this sample size, we do not have statistical evidence that either being larger or having a home-range advantage systematically shifts the probability of winning.\n\nSimple descriptive summaries are consistent with the regression results and do not reveal a strong, clear pattern either. Focal groups that were larger than their opponents won about 45% of contests, while focal groups that were not larger (equal or smaller) won about 61% of contests. Focal groups that were closer to their home-range center than the opposing group won about 48% of contests, compared to about 61% when they were not closer. These differences are in the opposite direction of the usual expectation (larger groups and groups closer to home being more successful), but with only 58 contests they are noisy, and the formal regression analyses show that they are not statistically distinguishable from random variation.\n\nTaken together, this dataset provides little to no statistically robust evidence that either relative group size or contest location has a strong, consistent influence on which capuchin group wins an intergroup contest. The point estimates even suggest that smaller groups and those farther from their home-range center sometimes win, but the uncertainty is large enough that we cannot reliably claim a real effect in either direction. Therefore, my answer to the research question is effectively \"No\": within this sample, the outcomes of contests do not appear to be strongly or reliably explained by relative group size or contest location. Because the sample is modest and the estimated effects are small and non-significant, I encode this as a relatively strong \"No\" on the 0–100 scale, with a response value of 20 to reflect that any true influence of these variables, if present, is likely to be weak or not well-supported by the available data."}
