{"response": 30, "explanation": "Using the 629-child dataset, I tested whether reliance on social information (choosing any demonstrated option vs an undemonstrated one) and preference for majority cues (choosing the majority vs minority demonstrator among those who followed someone) varied across cultural sites and developmental stages (age). I treated feature1 as the outcome (1=undemonstrated option, 2=majority, 3=minority), feature3 as age in years, and feature5 as a categorical site indicator. First, I defined a binary social-reliance variable (1 if feature1 was 2 or 3, 0 if 1) and fit logistic regression models social_choice ~ age and social_choice ~ age + site. Children relied on social information on average about 78.9% of the time, with site-specific averages ranging from about 66.7% to 87.5%. The age coefficient in the age-only model was mildly negative (about -0.065 in log-odds), implying a small decline in social reliance with age, but its p-value was about 0.093, which does not reach the conventional 0.05 significance threshold. A likelihood-ratio test comparing models with and without site indicators yielded LR chi^2(7) ≈ 9.21 with p ≈ 0.24, providing no statistically significant evidence that social information reliance differs across sites once sampling variability is accounted for. Predicted probabilities from the age-only model suggested that reliance on social information might drop from roughly 0.82 at age 5 to about 0.74 at age 12, but this trend is again not statistically reliable. Second, among children who followed any demonstrator (feature1 in {2,3}), I defined a binary majority-preference variable (1 if majority option chosen, 0 if minority) and fit majority_choice ~ age and majority_choice ~ age + site logistic models. Overall, about 57.9% of these children chose the majority option, with site-specific averages ranging from roughly 45.5% to 64.2%, indicating only moderate descriptive variation. The age coefficient in the age-only model was around 0.041 with p ≈ 0.27, showing no significant developmental trend in majority preference. The likelihood-ratio test for adding site indicators gave LR chi^2(7) ≈ 7.77 with p ≈ 0.35, again indicating that site-to-site differences in majority preference are not statistically significant. Predicted majority-choice probabilities rose modestly from about 0.55 at age 5 to about 0.62 at age 12, but this change is small and not statistically supported. Taken together, these analyses show that while there is some descriptive variation by site and age in both social-information reliance and majority preference, the evidence for systematic variation across cultures or developmental stages is weak: key age and site effects are not statistically significant at the 0.05 level in logistic models, and the observed differences in predicted probabilities are modest. Therefore, I interpret the data as not providing strong support for the claim that children’s reliance on social information and preference for majority cues vary meaningfully across cultures or developmental stages. To reflect a \"No\" answer tempered by some weak, non-significant trends in the expected directions, I place my response at 30 on the 0–100 Likert scale, closer to a confident \"No\" than to neutrality but short of an extreme 0 that would imply decisive evidence of no variation."}

