{"response": 65, "explanation": "Research question: Do children\u2019s reliance on social information and preference for majority cues vary across cultures and developmental stages? I analyzed 629 trials where children (ages 4\u201314) chose between a majority-demonstrated option, a minority-demonstrated option, or an undemonstrated third option. Reliance on social information was defined as choosing any demonstrated option (majority or minority) versus the undemonstrated option. Preference for majority cues was defined, among socially guided choices, as choosing the majority rather than the minority option. Overall, children relied on social information on roughly 79% of trials and chose the majority option on about 46% of trials. A logistic regression of social versus nonsocial choices on age, site (as a categorical proxy for cultural context), and the majority-first order variable showed the following for age: coefficient=-0.081, p-value=0.062. This indicates that reliance on social information decreases with age and that this developmental trend is not statistically reliable (p\u22650.05). For majority preference among children who followed social information, a logistic regression of majority- versus minority-choices on age, site, and majority-first order yielded age coefficient=0.019, p-value=0.657. This suggests that majority preference increases with age and that this age effect is not statistically reliable (p\u22650.05). Including site as a categorical predictor revealed significant variation across sites: site terms reached p<0.05 for social-reliance=yes, and for majority-preference=no. Descriptively, the proportion of social choices across ages showed an flat trend, while the proportion of majority choices showed an increasing trend. Taken together, the dataset provides mixed evidence that children's reliance on social information and preference for majority cues vary with age and across cultural sites: some effects are suggestive but not uniformly strong or statistically robust. On a 0\u2013100 scale where higher values represent a stronger 'Yes' answer to the research question, I assign a response value of 65, reflecting the combined strength of the observed developmental and cross-cultural patterns."}