{"response": 30, "explanation": "Using data on 629 children aged 4-14 years from 8 cultural sites, I examined two outcomes: whether children relied on social information at all (choosing a demonstrated option vs. an undemonstrated third option) and, conditional on using social information, whether they preferred the majority over the minority demonstrator. Overall, 78.9% of children relied on social information (chose either the majority or minority option), and among those who did, 57.9% chose the majority option. To test variation across developmental stage and culture, I fit logistic regression models with predictors age (in years), culture (as a categorical site indicator), gender, and whether the majority option was demonstrated first. For reliance on social information, likelihood-ratio tests comparing the full model to reduced models indicated that the age effect was not statistically reliable (p=0.608), and the culture effect was not statistically reliable (p=0.878). Predicted probability of using social information increased from 80.2% at age 4 to 76.8% at age 14 when holding other variables constant. For majority vs. minority preference among children who used social information, the full model showed that the age effect was not statistically reliable (p=0.79), and the culture effect was not statistically reliable (p=0.117). Predicted majority preference rose from 56.9% at age 4 to 59.3% at age 14. At the median age, the predicted probability of relying on social information varied across cultures from 71.3% to 83.7%, and, among social learners, predicted majority preference varied from 41.3% to 65.8% across cultures. These descriptive differences suggest potential cultural variation, but formal tests indicate that many of these differences could plausibly arise by chance in this sample. Taken together, the models provide limited statistical evidence that children's reliance on social information or their preference for majority over minority demonstrators varies systematically with age or cultural context in this dataset. Descriptive patterns across cultures and ages are present but not robustly supported by inferential tests. On the 0-100 scale where higher values indicate a stronger 'Yes' answer, the assigned score of 30 corresponds to a 'No' answer with modest confidence that the hypothesised systematic variation is not clearly supported."}