{"response": 20, "explanation": "Research question: Do relative group size and contest location influence the probability that a focal capuchin group wins an intergroup contest? Using 58 contests, I modeled the binary outcome (focal win vs. loss) as a function of (i) relative group size and (ii) contest location relative to each group\u2019s home range. Relative group size was defined as the difference in total group size (focal minus other, feature7 \u2212 feature8). Contest location was summarized as how much closer the focal group was to the center of its own home range than the opponent (difference in distances to home-range centers, feature6 \u2212 feature5), and also as a binary indicator for whether the focal group was closer to its home center.\n\nLogistic regression with cluster-robust standard errors by dyad (feature3) showed that neither relative group size nor relative home-range distance had a statistically significant association with win probability. In a model including both predictors, the coefficient for size difference was modest (odds ratio \u2248 0.93 per additional focal individual relative to the opponent) with a robust p-value \u2248 0.23, and the coefficient for relative location was essentially zero (odds ratio \u2248 1.00 per meter, p \u2248 0.45). McFadden\u2019s pseudo R\u00b2 was about 0.014, indicating that these predictors explain very little of the variation in outcomes, and the model\u2019s classification accuracy (~0.60) is only slightly above the overall focal win rate (~0.55). Adding an interaction between size and location, or using a simple indicator for being closer to home, did not change this conclusion (all p-values for the key predictors > 0.2).\n\nDescriptive summaries are consistent with the regression results. Focal groups win on roughly half of contests regardless of whether they are larger or smaller than their opponent, and win rates do not systematically favor groups that are closer to the center of their home range at the time of the contest. Some apparent differences (e.g., slightly higher win rates when the focal group is smaller or when the opponent is closer to its home range center) are small and inconsistent, and are well within what we would expect by chance given the sample size.\n\nOverall, this dataset provides little evidence that either relative group size or contest location, as measured here, has a strong or reliably detectable influence on the probability of winning an intergroup contest. The Likert-scale response of 20 reflects a predominantly \"No\" answer\u2014there is no statistically robust relationship detected\u2014while acknowledging that with only 58 contests, small effects cannot be completely ruled out."}