{
  "response": 20,
  "explanation": "Using the 601-person affairs dataset derived from the Psychology Today survey, I examined whether having children is associated with lower engagement in extramarital affairs. I first summarized the data by the binary children indicator (yes/no). Among couples without children, 25.7% reported at least one extramarital affair in the past year, with an average affair score of 1.69. Among couples with children, 24.7% reported any affair, with an average affair score of 1.36. These descriptive differences point to a slightly lower level of affairs among those with children, but the differences are small in magnitude. To formally test the relationship, I fit a logistic regression model with a binary outcome indicating any affair (affairs > 0) and a single predictor for children. In this model, the coefficient for having children (yes vs. no) is -0.057 (odds ratio ≈ 0.94) with p ≈ 0.78; the 95% confidence interval for the coefficient includes both moderate decreases and increases in odds, so we lack statistical evidence that children meaningfully reduce affairs. I then fit a second logistic regression model controlling for standard covariates from the Fair affairs data (age, years married, religiousness, education, occupation, self-rated marriage rating, and gender). In this adjusted model, the coefficient for having children is -0.022 (odds ratio ≈ 0.98) with p ≈ 0.92, again showing an effect size extremely close to zero and no statistical significance. Across both unadjusted and adjusted models, the presence of children is not a reliable predictor of extramarital affairs: any apparent decrease is very small and indistinguishable from random variation in this sample. Therefore, the best-supported conclusion from this dataset is that having children does not demonstrably decrease engagement in extramarital affairs, leading to a \"No\" answer on the research question. Reflecting this lack of evidence for a meaningful protective effect, I assign a Likert-scale response of 20 out of 100, indicating a fairly strong \"No\" answer with only a very weak suggestion of a decrease that is not statistically supported."
}
