{"response": 60, "explanation": "The dataset includes 629 children aged 4\u201314 from eight cultural sites, with choices coded as selecting an undemonstrated option (1), the majority option (2), or the minority option (3). Overall, children showed a strong reliance on social information: about 79% of responses involved choosing one of the demonstrated options (2 or 3), and this rate was fairly similar across cultures (roughly 71% to 83%) and across ages (mostly around 70\u201084%). A logistic regression predicting social-information use (choosing 2 or 3 vs 1) from age, culture, gender, and whether the majority was demonstrated first yielded a low pseudo R\u00b2 (~0.01) and a non-significant overall model (LLR p \u2248 0.72), with all age and culture coefficients non-significant. This indicates little statistical evidence that reliance on social information itself varies systematically either across cultures or across developmental stages in this sample.\n\nBy contrast, children\u2019s preference for the majority option shows clearer cross-cultural differences. Overall, 45.6% of children chose the majority option, but the proportion by culture ranged from about 0.33 to 0.52. In a logistic model predicting majority choice (2 vs all other responses) from age, culture, gender, and majority-first, some culture coefficients (for several sites relative to the reference site) were individually significant with positive log-odds, implying higher odds of majority choice in those cultures. Similarly, when restricting the analysis to children who chose a demonstrated option (majority vs minority), a logistic model again showed several culture effects with p-values below 0.01, indicating that among social learners, the strength of majority preference differs meaningfully across sites. However, in both majority-choice models, age coefficients were near zero and non-significant, and overall likelihood-ratio tests for the full models were not strongly significant, suggesting that while there is moderate evidence for cross-cultural variation in majority preference, the effects are not uniformly large or definitive.\n\nTaken together, these results suggest a nuanced answer: children in all sampled cultures predominantly rely on social information, with only modest variation in that reliance across groups or ages, but the extent to which they specifically favor majority over minority demonstrators does show moderate cross-cultural variation. Developmental (age-related) differences in either social-information use or majority preference are weak and not statistically robust in these models. Because the research question asks whether both reliance on social information and majority preference vary across cultures and developmental stages, the evidence only partly supports a \u2018Yes\u2019 answer: we see some cultural variation in majority preference but little clear developmental variation and little variation in basic social-information reliance. I therefore rate the claim as a moderately supported \u2018Yes\u2019 at 60 out of 100 on the 0\u2013100 scale."}

