{"response": 15, "explanation": "Using the AMTL dataset of 1,450 tooth-class observations, I modeled the frequency of antemortem tooth loss as a binomial outcome (number of missing teeth out of observable sockets) with genus, age at death, sex, and tooth class as predictors. After excluding 20 biologically implausible rows where the recorded number of missing teeth exceeded the number of observable sockets, 1,430 observations remained for analysis. I fit a binomial generalized linear model with a logit link: missing_rate ~ genus + age_at_death + sex_prob_male + tooth_class, treating Homo sapiens as the reference category and weighting each row by its number of sockets. In this model, the genus coefficients for Pan (coef ≈ 0.19, p ≈ 0.08), Papio (coef ≈ -0.04, p ≈ 0.68), and Pongo (coef ≈ -0.23, p ≈ 0.15) were all statistically non-significant at conventional thresholds, indicating no robust evidence that AMTL frequencies differ systematically between Homo sapiens and any of the non-human primate genera after accounting for age, sex, and tooth class. The direction of the coefficients also does not support the hypothesis that humans have clearly higher AMTL: relative to Homo sapiens, Pan shows a slightly higher—but non-significant—log-odds of AMTL, while Papio and Pongo show slightly lower log-odds. To aid interpretation, I also examined predicted probabilities at typical covariate values (mean age, mean sex estimate, and the modal tooth class). The model-predicted AMTL probabilities at these settings were approximately 5.2% for Homo sapiens, 6.3% for Pan, 5.0% for Papio, and 4.2% for Pongo. Simple weighted empirical rates (total missing teeth divided by total sockets) showed a similar pattern: Homo sapiens ≈ 5.4%, Pan ≈ 6.5%, Papio ≈ 5.2%, and Pongo ≈ 4.4%. Thus, both the regression-adjusted estimates and the raw rates indicate that modern humans do not have higher AMTL frequencies than the non-human primate genera considered; if anything, chimpanzees (Pan) exhibit slightly higher AMTL, though the differences are small and not statistically decisive. Given the lack of statistically significant genus effects and the small magnitude of the observed differences, the data do not support a clear claim that modern humans have higher AMTL frequencies than non-human primates after adjusting for age, sex, and tooth class. I therefore answer the research question with a strong 'No' and encode this as a low Likert-scale value of 15 on a 0–100 scale, reflecting fairly strong evidence against the hypothesis but recognizing that very small undetected differences cannot be entirely ruled out."}

