{"response": 0, "explanation": "This analysis used N = 629 children from 8 cultural sites to ask whether children's reliance on social information and preference for majority cues vary across cultures and developmental stages (age). Outcome choices were coded as: 1 = undemonstrated option (no social information), 2 = majority option, and 3 = minority option. I defined 'social reliance' as choosing either the majority or minority option (feature1 != 1), and 'majority preference' as choosing the majority option (feature1 == 2) among those who relied on social information. For social reliance, the correlation between age (years) and social reliance was r = -0.028, p = 0.483, providing little evidence of a relationship. In substantive terms, older children were less likely than younger children to rely on social information. For majority preference among social learners, the correlation between age and majority choice was r = 0.006, p = 0.893, providing little evidence of a relationship. In substantive terms, among children who used social information, older children were more likely to follow the majority demonstrators rather than the minority. To assess cultural differences, I conducted chi-square tests of independence across sites. For social reliance, the site × social-reliance contingency table yielded χ² = 3.253, p = 0.861, Cramer's V = 0.072, indicating little evidence of a relationship that children's tendency to use social information varies across cultural sites. For majority preference among social learners, the site × majority-choice contingency table yielded χ² = 11.578, p = 0.115, Cramer's V = 0.153, indicating little evidence of a relationship that the strength of children's majority preference differs across cultures. Overall, the analyses provide limited evidence that children's reliance on social information or their majority preference systematically vary across developmental stages or cultural sites in this dataset. On a 0–100 Likert scale where 0 is a strong 'No' and 100 is a strong 'Yes', these combined findings correspond to a response of 0."}