{"response": 25, "explanation": "The dataset contains 629 children. Outcome choices are: 133 undemonstrated option (y=1), 287 majority option (y=2), and 209 minority option (y=3). Overall, 496 children (78.9%) relied on social information by choosing either majority or minority demonstrators, while the remaining children chose the undemonstrated option. Among social choices, 287 were majority and 209 were minority, so 57.9% of social choices followed the majority. A logistic regression predicting reliance on social information from age and culture shows only a weak age trend (p_age=0.0612), which does not meet the conventional 0.05 significance threshold. However, the likelihood-ratio test for culture in this model does not reach statistical significance (p_culture=0.238), suggesting only modest cross-cultural differences in overall reliance on social information. For majority versus minority choice, age does not show a statistically significant effect (p_age=0.703). Culture likewise does not reach conventional significance levels in predicting majority versus minority choice (p_culture=0.354). Descriptively, the proportion of children relying on social information and the proportion of social choosers following the majority both differ across sites. Some cultures show much higher majority-following than others, and older children tend to rely more on social information than younger ones. However, when these descriptive differences are evaluated in formal regression models, none of the age or culture effects on reliance on social information or majority preference reach conventional statistical significance at the 0.05 level. There is at most a weak, non-significant trend for older children to rely more on social information, and the evidence for systematic cross-cultural variation is limited. Overall, the evidence for systematic variation is weak: none of the tested age or culture effects reach the 0.05 threshold, though one or more trends around p\u22480.05\u20130.1 hint at possible age-related changes. This supports a cautious \"No\" answer, with some openness to small effects that this dataset is underpowered to detect robustly."}