{"response": 10, "explanation": "Using the Psychology Today marital affairs dataset (N=601), I examined whether having children is associated with reduced engagement in extramarital affairs. The outcome variable was the reported frequency of extramarital intercourse in the past year (0 = none, higher values = more frequent affairs). I first compared affair frequency across the two groups defined by the children indicator (yes/no). Individuals without children had a mean affair score of about 1.69, whereas those with children had a slightly lower mean of about 1.36; medians were 0 in both groups. The proportion of respondents reporting any affair at all was very similar: about 25.7% for couples without children versus 24.7% for couples with children. These descriptive differences are small and suggest that, at most, any protective effect of children is minimal. \n\nTo formally test the relationship, I fit a logistic regression model with a binary outcome indicating whether the respondent had any extramarital affair in the past year (1 if affairs > 0, 0 otherwise) and a predictor for having children. In the unadjusted model, the coefficient for having children (child_yes) was about -0.06 with a p-value around 0.78 and an odds ratio near 0.94. This effect is very close to zero and far from statistically significant, indicating no reliable evidence that having children reduces the odds of an affair. \n\nI then added controls for age, years married, self-rated religiousness, education, occupation, marital satisfaction rating, and gender using a logistic regression with the same binary outcome. In this adjusted model, the coefficient for having children remained small (about -0.03), with a p-value near 0.87 and an odds ratio around 0.97. Again, this is statistically non-significant and suggests that, after accounting for these other factors, the presence of children in the marriage is not meaningfully associated with reduced engagement in extramarital affairs. The very small pseudo R-squared values further indicate that the model explains little of the variation in whether respondents have affairs, and the children variable in particular contributes essentially no predictive power. \n\nTaken together, the descriptive statistics and regression analyses show only a tiny, statistically unreliable tendency for couples with children to report fewer affairs. There is no robust evidence that having children materially decreases engagement in extramarital affairs in this sample. Therefore, my answer to the research question\u2014whether having children decreases engagement in extramarital affairs\u2014is effectively 'No', and I express this as a low Likert score of 10 on the 0 to 100 scale (where 0 is a strong 'No' and 100 is a strong 'Yes')."}