{
  "response": 25,
  "explanation": "Using the 58 intergroup contests in crofoot.csv and the variable descriptions in info.json, I reconstructed the focal group’s win outcome, group sizes, and each group’s distance from its home-range center. I defined relative group size as the difference between focal and other group size and contest location advantage as how much closer the focal group was to its own home-range center compared to the opposing group. Descriptively, the focal group won about 55% of contests overall. When the focal group was larger (28 contests) it won about 61% of contests, but when the other group was larger (25 contests) it still won about 56% of contests, and with equal-sized groups (5 contests) the focal group won only about 20%. For contest location, when the focal group was closer to its own home-range center (33 contests) it won about 61% of contests, versus about 48% when the opposing group was closer to its own center (25 contests). To formally test these patterns, I fit a logistic regression predicting the probability that the focal group won from standardized relative group size and standardized location advantage. The coefficient for relative group size was positive (odds ratio ≈ 1.5 for a 1 SD increase), but the 95% confidence interval for the odds ratio (≈0.87–2.60) crossed 1 and the p-value was about 0.15, so the effect was not statistically significant at conventional levels. The coefficient for contest location advantage was near zero (odds ratio ≈ 1.10, 95% CI ≈0.64–1.90, p ≈ 0.74), providing little evidence that location meaningfully changes win probability in this sample. Taken together, these results suggest at most weak, statistically non-significant tendencies for larger groups or groups closer to their home-range centers to win more often, but the data do not provide strong or consistent evidence that either relative group size or contest location has a clear, reliable effect on win probability. Accordingly, I treat the answer as a mostly \"No\" with a low confidence that any true effect is present, corresponding to a scalar of 25 on the 0–100 scale."
}

