{
  "response": 15,
  "explanation": "Using the AMTL dataset described in info.json (1450 observations with counts of missing teeth and observable sockets by specimen, tooth class, age, sex estimate, and genus), I modeled the proportion of missing teeth as a binomial outcome and compared humans to non-human primates while adjusting for age, sex, and tooth class. First, descriptive statistics showed that modern humans (Homo sapiens) do not have the highest frequencies of antemortem tooth loss: the overall proportion of missing teeth (total missing / total sockets) was about 0.065 for Homo sapiens, compared with roughly 0.069 for Pan, 0.076 for Papio, and 0.044 for Pongo. Thus, at the raw-data level, Papio and Pan tend to have equal or higher AMTL than humans, whereas Pongo has lower AMTL than humans. To control for covariates, I fit generalized linear models with a binomial family and logit link, treating the number of missing teeth out of the number of observable sockets as the response and including genus (Homo sapiens vs. the non-human genera Pan, Pongo, Papio), age at death, estimated sex (a 0–1 scale), and tooth class (anterior, posterior, premolar) as predictors, using the number of sockets as frequency weights. In a model parameterized with Homo sapiens as the reference category and categorical effects for genus, the adjusted predicted probability that a tooth socket is missing at median age and sex for anterior teeth was about 0.069 for Homo sapiens, compared with about 0.074 for Pan, 0.080 for Papio, and 0.046 for Pongo. The coefficients for Pan and Papio were positive relative to humans (indicating slightly higher AMTL), with Papio showing the largest positive difference, while Pongo showed a significantly negative coefficient (lower AMTL) relative to humans. When collapsing the non-human genera into a single grouping, the human vs. non-human coefficient was very close to zero and not statistically significant, indicating no evidence that humans have higher AMTL once age, sex estimate, and tooth class are taken into account. Together, both the descriptive rates and the regression modeling consistently indicate that modern humans do not exhibit higher frequencies of antemortem tooth loss than the non-human primate genera studied; if anything, one of the non-human genera (Papio) tends to have slightly higher AMTL than humans, and another (Pongo) has clearly lower AMTL. Because the data provide fairly clear evidence against humans having the highest AMTL frequencies, but the differences are modest and not uniformly strong across all genera, I encode my answer as a strong but not absolute “No” on the 0–100 scale, choosing a response value of 15."
}
