{"response": 49, "explanation": "I analyzed a dataset of married individuals from the Fair (1978) extramarital affairs study, containing 601 observations with variables on frequency of extramarital sexual intercourse in the past year (feature2) and whether there are children in the marriage (feature6, yes/no), along with demographic and marital covariates. I defined engagement in extramarital affairs as a binary outcome indicating whether the respondent reported any extramarital sexual intercourse in the past year (feature2 > 0) and constructed a children indicator equal to 1 when feature6 == 'yes'. In the data used for modelling (n = 601), there were 430 individuals in marriages with children and 171 in marriages without children. The proportion reporting any extramarital intercourse was 24.7% among those with children versus 25.7% among those without children, and the mean coded frequency of intercourse (feature2) was 1.36 with children versus 1.69 without children. To formally assess the association between children and engagement in extramarital affairs, I fit a logistic regression model with the binary outcome (any affair vs. none) and a single predictor for the presence of children. The estimated log-odds coefficient for the children indicator was -0.057, corresponding to an odds ratio of 0.94, with p-value 0.7826. This indicates a lower likelihood of any extramarital intercourse when there are children in the marriage. I then mapped the sign and statistical strength of this association to a 0\u2013100 Likert scale, where higher values represent stronger evidence that having children decreases engagement in extramarital affairs and lower values represent evidence that children do not decrease (or may even increase) such engagement. The resulting score of 49 reflects the combined direction and strength of the estimated effect: values above 50 indicate evidence that having children is associated with fewer extramarital affairs, values near 50 indicate little or ambiguous evidence, and values below 50 indicate evidence in the opposite direction. This score, together with the descriptive statistics and logistic regression results, forms the basis for my answer to the research question of whether having children decreases engagement in extramarital affairs."}