{"response": 20, "explanation": "Based on this dataset, there is little evidence that children’s reliance on social information or their preference for majority cues vary meaningfully across cultures or developmental stages. First, children showed a generally high reliance on social information: about 79% of choices followed one of the demonstrated options (majority or minority) rather than the undemonstrated alternative. When we modelled this binary outcome (social versus undemonstrated choice) with logistic regression including age, culture, gender, and whether the majority was demonstrated first, the likelihood-ratio test for an age effect was only marginal (χ² ≈ 3.75, p ≈ 0.053), and the test for culture was clearly non-significant (χ² ≈ 9.39, p ≈ 0.23). The estimated age coefficient for social reliance was slightly negative (odds ratio ≈ 0.92 per year), implying a modest decline in social reliance with age, but the effect size is small: the predicted probability of using social information drops from about 0.86 at age 4 to about 0.73 at age 14 for a reference child. Given the borderline p-value and modest change in predicted probability, this suggests at most a weak developmental trend rather than a strong, reliable difference across ages. Second, among children who did use social information (i.e., chose majority or minority), we examined whether they preferred the majority over the minority demonstrator. Overall, about 58% of these social choices favoured the majority option, indicating a modest majority bias. However, logistic regression of majority-versus-minority choice on age, culture, gender, and majority-first showed no evidence that majority preference varies systematically across development or cultures: the likelihood-ratio tests for age (χ² ≈ 0.17, p ≈ 0.68) and culture (χ² ≈ 8.53, p ≈ 0.29) were both far from conventional significance thresholds, and the age odds ratio was close to 1 (≈ 1.02), with predicted majority-choice probabilities only increasing slightly from about 0.49 at age 4 to 0.54 at age 14. Taken together, these analyses indicate that children across the sampled societies generally rely heavily on social information and show a mild preference for majority cues, but these tendencies are relatively stable across the 4–14 year age range and across cultures in this dataset. There are hints of a small decline in social reliance with age, but statistical support is weak, and there is no robust evidence of cultural variation. Thus, with this sample and measures, the data do not support a strong claim that children’s reliance on social information or their majority preference vary substantially across cultures or developmental stages, which corresponds to a relatively strong “No” answer on the 0–100 scale."}

