{"response": 20, "explanation": "Using the AMTL dataset (1,450 rows), I modeled the probability of antemortem tooth loss as a binomial outcome at the tooth-class level. I used number of missing teeth as the numerator and number of observable sockets as the denominator, first dropping 20 rows (about 1.4% of the data) where the counts were internally inconsistent (missing teeth exceeded observable sockets), since those rows cannot be used in a binomial model. This left 1,430 observations. I then fit a generalized linear model with a binomial family and logit link, treating the proportion missing as the response and weighting each row by the number of sockets. The predictors were genus (Homo sapiens, Pan, Papio, Pongo), age at death, sex estimate, and tooth class (anterior, posterior, premolar), and I used cluster-robust standard errors by specimen ID to account for repeated measurements per individual.\n\nIn this model, Homo sapiens was the reference genus. The coefficients for the non-human genera compare their log-odds of tooth loss to humans: Pan had a slightly positive coefficient (about 0.19), Papio a slightly negative coefficient (about -0.05), and Pongo a more negative coefficient (about -0.23). However, none of these differences were statistically significant at conventional levels (all p-values around 0.4–0.8), and age, sex, and tooth class also showed no strong effects. To interpret the magnitude of the genus effects, I computed average predicted missing rates by setting genus in turn to each level while keeping the observed distributions of age, sex, and tooth class. The adjusted predicted mean missing rates were approximately 0.054 for Homo sapiens, 0.065 for Pan, 0.052 for Papio, and 0.044 for Pongo. Thus, modern humans are not estimated to have the highest adjusted frequency of AMTL; chimpanzees (Pan) have a slightly higher predicted rate, Papio is very similar to humans, and Pongo is lower.\n\nBecause the regression shows no statistically significant increase in AMTL for Homo sapiens relative to any of the non-human genera, and the adjusted predicted frequencies place humans in the middle of the range rather than at the top, the data do not support the claim that modern humans have higher AMTL frequencies once age, sex, and tooth class are accounted for. There is also no clear pattern of humans having systematically lower AMTL either; instead, the genera show broadly overlapping rates with small differences and wide confidence intervals. Taking this evidence together, I conclude that, within this dataset and modeling framework, there is little support for the hypothesis that modern humans have higher AMTL than non-human primates. I therefore answer \"No\" to the research question, with a fairly strong but not absolute degree of confidence, corresponding to a response value of 20 on the 0 to 100 scale."}

