{"response": 75, "explanation": "Using the 629-child dataset spanning eight cultural sites and ages 4–14, I first operationalized the key constructs in the research question. I defined 'reliance on social information' as choosing any demonstrated option (majority or minority; y = 2 or 3) rather than the undemonstrated alternative (y = 1). Among trials where a child followed a demonstrator, I defined 'preference for majority cues' as choosing the majority model (y = 2) rather than the minority model (y = 3).\n\nFor reliance on social information, children followed a demonstrator on roughly 75–85% of trials across cultures and age groups (overall around 80%). A logistic regression predicting a binary social-information variable (social vs undemonstrated) from age, culture, gender, and whether the majority option was shown first found no robust evidence that either culture or age predicted social reliance: all culture coefficients relative to the reference site had p-values well above 0.35, the age effect was small and non-significant (p ≈ 0.61), and gender and majority-first were also non-significant at conventional thresholds (majority-first p ≈ 0.07). Descriptively, social reliance probabilities by culture ranged from about 0.71 to 0.83, and by age group from about 0.76 to 0.81, indicating uniformly high and fairly flat reliance on social information across both culture and development.\n\nFor majority preference, I restricted the analysis to trials where children chose a demonstrated option (N ≈ 496) and modeled the probability of choosing the majority over the minority. Overall, children chose the majority option on roughly 55–60% of social trials. However, a logistic regression of majority choice on age, culture, gender, and majority-first showed clear cross-cultural differences: several cultures had significantly higher log-odds of majority choice than the reference culture (for example, culture 3 coefficient ≈ 0.78, p ≈ 0.006; culture 5 coefficient ≈ 1.01, p ≈ 0.008; culture 6 coefficient ≈ 1.01, p ≈ 0.007), corresponding to roughly two- to threefold increases in the odds of choosing the majority model. Descriptively, the proportion of majority choices by culture ranged from about 0.41 to 0.66, a substantial spread. In contrast, developmental effects were weak: the age coefficient in the logistic model was near zero and non-significant (p ≈ 0.79), and age-group means were tightly clustered between about 0.56 and 0.60.\n\nPutting these pieces together, the data suggest that children in all sampled cultures and ages rely heavily on social information, with no strong evidence that the overall tendency to follow demonstrators varies much across cultures or developmental stages. However, once children do rely on social information, their specific preference for majority versus minority demonstrators does show clear and statistically significant variation across cultures, while varying little with age. Because the research question asks whether children's reliance on social information and their preference for majority cues vary across cultures and developmental stages, the appropriate overall answer is 'Yes, primarily via cultural differences in majority preference, with limited developmental change.' To reflect this pattern—strong evidence for cross-cultural variation in majority preference but weak evidence for developmental or social-reliance differences—I assign a response of 75 on the 0–100 scale, indicating a moderately strong 'Yes' answer."}

