{"response": 65, "explanation": "Using the 629 child observations (ages 4–14) from eight cultural sites, I modeled two outcomes: (1) a binary indicator of social-information use (choosing any demonstrated option versus the undemonstrated third option) and (2) a binary indicator of majority preference among social users (choosing the majority demonstrators option versus the minority demonstrators option). Overall, 78.9% of children relied on social information at all, and among these children 57.9% chose the majority option. Social-information use varied somewhat across sites (roughly 0.67–0.88), and majority preference among social users ranged from about 0.46 to 0.64 across sites. I fit logistic regression models predicting social-information use from age and culture, and a second set predicting majority preference from age and culture, plus extended models with age-by-culture interactions. In the main-effects model for social-information use, the age coefficient corresponded to an odds ratio of about 0.92 per year (p≈0.061), and the likelihood-ratio test for adding culture as a main effect was not significant (p≈0.24). However, when I allowed age slopes to differ by culture (age×culture interaction), the interaction significantly improved model fit (likelihood-ratio chi-square ≈17.9 on 7 degrees of freedom, p≈0.012). For example, the predicted probability of relying on social information at age 14 was around 0.97 in some cultures but as low as about 0.12 in others, with some cultures showing increasing reliance with age and others showing marked declines. This indicates that the developmental trajectory of social-information use differs meaningfully across cultures. For majority preference among social users, the analogous models showed no evidence of systematic variation with age or culture: the age effect was near zero (odds ratio ≈1.02, p≈0.70), the overall culture effect on majority preference was not significant (likelihood-ratio p≈0.35), and adding age-by-culture interactions did not improve fit (likelihood-ratio p≈0.39). In other words, conditional on using social information at all, children across ages and cultures were similarly likely to choose the majority option. Taken together, these analyses suggest that childrens reliance on social information itself does vary across cultures and developmental stages, with statistically significant cross-cultural differences in developmental change, whereas their preference for majority over minority demonstrators appears relatively stable and does not show robust age- or culture-specific variation in this dataset. Because one component of the research question (social-information reliance) shows clear cross-cultural developmental differences while the other component (majority preference) does not, I give a moderately confident yes answer overall, encoded as a response value of 65 on the 0-100 scale."}

