{"response": 25, "explanation": "I interpret the question as asking whether (1) children's overall reliance on social information (choosing either majority or minority demonstrators rather than an undemonstrated option) and (2) their preference for majority over minority demonstrators vary systematically across age and cultural settings. Using the 629 observations in boxes.csv, I constructed two binary outcomes: social_choice = 1 if the child chose any demonstrated option (y=2 or y=3) vs. an undemonstrated option (y=1), and majority_choice = 1 if, conditional on following a demonstrator (y in {2,3}), the child chose the majority option (y=2) rather than the minority option (y=3). For social information reliance, I fitted a logistic regression social_choice ~ age + culture (culture treated as a categorical factor). The Wald test for the age coefficient gave p ≈ 0.0612. A likelihood-ratio test comparing the full model with a reduced model without culture yielded χ²(7) ≈ 9.21, p ≈ 0.238, indicating whether culture explains additional variation in social information reliance beyond age alone. Descriptively, the mean probability of relying on social information (social_choice=1) varied across ages from about 0.69 to 1.00, and across cultures from 0.67 to 0.88, suggesting non-trivial developmental and cross-cultural differences in how often children follow social information. For majority preference, among the subset of trials where children followed a demonstrator, I fitted majority_choice ~ age + culture. The age coefficient in this model had p ≈ 0.703. A likelihood-ratio test comparing the full model with culture to a reduced model with age only gave χ²(7) ≈ 7.77, p ≈ 0.354, evaluating whether cultural differences contribute to variation in majority preference beyond developmental changes. Descriptively, the proportion of majority choices among demonstrator-following trials varied across ages from about 0.46 to 1.00, and across cultures from 0.45 to 0.64. These ranges indicate that in some groups children are close to indifferent between majority and minority demonstrators, whereas in others they show a much stronger majority bias. Overall, the regression results and descriptive patterns do not provide convincing evidence that children's reliance on social information or their preference for majority cues vary meaningfully across age or cultural context; any observed differences are small and statistically weak, broadly consistent with the prior belief that such variations are negligible."}