{"response": 45, "explanation": "I modeled antemortem tooth loss (AMTL) as a binomial outcome at the individual tooth-socket level by expanding each specimen \u00d7 tooth-class record into one row per observable socket, with a binary indicator (`amtl`) marking whether that socket was lost ante mortem. Out of 1450 total specimen \u00d7 tooth-class observations, I excluded 20 rows where the recorded number of missing teeth exceeded the number of observable sockets, since these represent inconsistent counts for a binomial model. The final analysis therefore used 1430 valid observations. I then fit a binomial logistic regression with predictors: an indicator for modern humans vs. non-human primates (`is_human`), estimated age at death (`age`), probability of being male (`prob_male`), and tooth class (`tooth_class` as a categorical factor). To account for non-independence of sockets within the same individual, I used cluster-robust standard errors at the specimen level. The coefficient for modern humans (`is_human`) on the log-odds scale was -0.008 with p-value 0.956, giving an odds ratio of 0.99 (95% CI 0.74\u20131.33). The 95% confidence interval for the log-odds coefficient was -0.299 to 0.283. To make this more interpretable, I computed predicted probabilities of AMTL for a typical case (mean age, mean sex probability, and the most common tooth class) for humans versus non-human primates. In this scenario, the estimated AMTL probability was 0.053 for non-human primates and 0.052 for modern humans. This indicates that, after accounting for age, sex, and tooth class, modern humans tend to have similar or lower AMTL frequencies than non-human primates. The effect of the human indicator is not statistically significant at conventional levels, so the data do not provide clear evidence for a difference in AMTL frequencies between humans and non-human primates once age, sex, and tooth class are controlled. Overall, the binomial regression does not support the claim that modern humans have higher AMTL frequencies than non-human primates after accounting for age, sex, and tooth class; if anything, the point estimates suggest similar or lower frequencies in humans, and the Likert score reflects a 'No' leaning conclusion whose strength depends on the statistical evidence."}