{"response": 20, "explanation": "Using the 58 recorded intergroup contests, I modeled the probability that the focal capuchin group won (binary outcome m_focal) as a function of (1) relative group size and (2) contest location relative to each group’s home-range center. Group size for each contest was reconstructed from the metadata: f_other is the total number of individuals in the focal group and win is the total number of individuals in the opposing group. I defined a relative size difference rel_size_diff = focal_size − other_size so that positive values mean the focal group was numerically larger than its opponent. Contest location was captured by the distances m_other (meters from the focal group to the center of its home range) and n_focal (meters from the other group to the center of its home range). From these, I defined a home-advantage measure home_advantage = dist_other_center − dist_focal_center, which is positive when the focal group is closer to its own home-range center than the other group is to theirs (i.e., a focal home-advantage) and negative when the contest is closer to the other group’s center. I standardized both predictors to have mean 0 and unit variance to make effect sizes comparable and then fit a logistic regression model win_focal ~ rel_size_diff_z + home_advantage_z using statsmodels. The model converged cleanly and produced a very low pseudo R^2 (~0.014), indicating that relative group size and contest location together explain little of the variation in which group wins. A likelihood-ratio test comparing this model to an intercept-only model gave an LLR p-value of about 0.58, so the two predictors as a set do not significantly improve prediction of contest outcomes. Individually, the standardized relative group size effect had an estimated coefficient of about −0.30, corresponding to an odds ratio around 0.74 per standard deviation increase in rel_size_diff, with a wide 95% confidence interval roughly from 0.42 to 1.32 and a p-value ≈ 0.31. This interval comfortably includes 1, and the p-value is far above conventional thresholds (0.05 or even 0.10), so there is no statistically reliable evidence that being larger or smaller strongly shifts the chance of winning. The home-advantage predictor had an estimated coefficient of about +0.18, corresponding to an odds ratio around 1.20 per standard deviation increase in home_advantage, with a 95% confidence interval roughly from 0.68 to 2.14 and a p-value ≈ 0.53. Again, the confidence interval spans 1 broadly, and the p-value indicates no statistically significant effect: contests that occur relatively closer to the focal group’s home-range center are not clearly more likely to be won by that group in these data. In summary, within this dataset there is no strong or statistically significant evidence that relative group size or contest location meaningfully influence the probability that a focal capuchin group wins an intergroup contest. Given the small sample size and potential unmodeled factors (e.g., particular group identities or prior history), we cannot rule out modest effects, but the observed coefficients are small, highly uncertain, and the overall model fit is poor. Therefore, my answer to the research question is effectively “No”: these data do not support a clear relationship between relative group size or contest location and winning probability. To reflect this conclusion on a 0–100 Likert scale where 0 is a strong No and 100 is a strong Yes, I assign a response value of 20, representing a fairly strong No while still acknowledging residual uncertainty due to sample size and model limitations."}
