{"response": 25, "explanation": "I analyzed 58 intergroup contests between capuchin monkey groups using the provided dataset, modeling the focal group\u2019s probability of winning as a function of both relative group size and contest location. I constructed key predictors capturing these concepts: (1) relative group size as the difference in total group size between the focal and other groups (n_focal \u2212 n_other) and as the ratio n_focal / n_other, and (2) contest location advantage as the difference in distance from each group\u2019s home range center (dist_other \u2212 dist_focal, where positive values mean the focal group is closer to its own home range center). I then fit several logistic regression models with win (1 = focal won, 0 = focal lost) as the binary outcome.\n\nAcross all models, neither relative group size nor location advantage showed a statistically significant association with the probability of winning. In a model with relative size difference and location advantage as predictors, both coefficients were small and non-significant (p-values around 0.31 for relative size and 0.53 for location advantage, with a very low pseudo R\u00b2 of about 0.01), indicating that these variables explain virtually none of the variation in contest outcomes. Replacing the size difference with the size ratio led to similarly non-significant results (size ratio p \u2248 0.27, location advantage p \u2248 0.52). Adding focal group size as a control did not materially change this conclusion: the relative size coefficient became somewhat larger in magnitude but remained only marginal (p \u2248 0.08) and its confidence interval still included no effect; location and focal size remained clearly non-significant. Standardizing the predictors yielded the same pattern, with standardized coefficients for relative size and location both close to zero and non-significant.\n\nSimple descriptive checks tell the same story. When the focal group was numerically larger than its opponent, it actually won slightly less often than when it was not larger; when the focal group was closer to its own home range center, its win rate was similar or slightly lower than when it was not closer. Given the small sample size (58 contests), it is possible that true but modest effects exist and this dataset lacks power to detect them. However, based on the available evidence, we cannot reject the null hypothesis that relative group size and contest location have no measurable impact on the probability of winning. In other words, within this dataset, there is no statistically supported relationship between these predictors and contest outcomes.\n\nTherefore, although the prior belief stated in the research question is that the answer should be 'Yes', the data do not provide strong support for that claim. I interpret the results as a qualified 'No': this dataset offers little evidence that relative group size or contest location meaningfully influence the probability of a capuchin group winning an intergroup contest. To reflect this, I place my response at 25 on a 0\u2013100 Likert scale, which corresponds to a moderately strong 'No' while acknowledging uncertainty due to the limited sample size and potential unmodeled factors."}