{"response": 97, "explanation": "I modelled the probability that an individual tooth was missing using a logistic regression with a binomial likelihood. The response was whether each tooth position showed antemortem tooth loss (1) or was present (0), constructed by expanding each row into individual teeth based on the number of observable sockets and the number of missing teeth. Predictors included genus (Homo sapiens, Pan, Papio, Pongo), estimated age at death, a continuous sex indicator, and tooth class (anterior, posterior, premolar). I used cluster-robust standard errors at the specimen level to account for multiple teeth per individual. After adjusting for age, sex, and tooth class, the model-estimated mean probability of antemortem tooth loss for a tooth in modern humans was about 0.079, compared to an average of 0.015 across the non-human genera (Pan, Papio, Pongo). This is a difference of roughly 0.064 in absolute probability. For Pan, the adjusted mean probability of AMTL was approximately 0.025. For Papio, the adjusted mean probability of AMTL was approximately 0.012. For Pongo, the adjusted mean probability of AMTL was approximately 0.007. In the logistic model, the coefficient for Pan relative to Homo sapiens was -1.283 on the log-odds scale, indicating lower odds of AMTL for Pan teeth compared to human teeth with the same age, sex, and tooth class. The corresponding p-value for this difference was 1e-15, based on cluster-robust standard errors by specimen. In the logistic model, the coefficient for Papio relative to Homo sapiens was -2.042 on the log-odds scale, indicating lower odds of AMTL for Papio teeth compared to human teeth with the same age, sex, and tooth class. The corresponding p-value for this difference was 0.00321, based on cluster-robust standard errors by specimen. In the logistic model, the coefficient for Pongo relative to Homo sapiens was -2.544 on the log-odds scale, indicating lower odds of AMTL for Pongo teeth compared to human teeth with the same age, sex, and tooth class. The corresponding p-value for this difference was 0.0132, based on cluster-robust standard errors by specimen. Putting these results together, my overall answer to the research question ('Do modern humans have higher frequencies of AMTL than non-human primates, after accounting for age, sex, and tooth class?') is: Yes. The Likert-scale response value of 97 (where 0 is a strong 'No' and 100 a strong 'Yes') reflects both the magnitude of the estimated human\u2013non-human difference in AMTL frequency and the statistical evidence (p-values) from the regression model."}