{"response": 35, "explanation": "Using the 629 children in boxes.csv, I separated two behaviors: (1) reliance on social information (choosing either demonstrated option vs. the undemonstrated third option) and (2) preference for the majority cue among those who followed any demonstrator. Overall, 79% of children chose a demonstrated option at all, and 58% of those social choices followed the majority. To test variation across cultures and developmental stages, I fit logistic regression models and chi-square tests for both outcomes.\n\nFor reliance on social information, a logit model with predictors age, culture, gender, and whether the majority option was demonstrated first showed no meaningful age or cultural effects: the age coefficient was small and non-significant (p≈0.61), culture dummy p-values were all >0.35, and the likelihood-ratio test for the full model versus a null model was not significant. Consistent with this, chi-square tests found no evidence that the proportion of social choices varied by culture (p≈0.86) or by age bins across 4–14 years (p≈0.18). In other words, children in different cultures and at different ages were similarly likely to rely on social information at all.\n\nFor majority versus minority preference among social learners, a second logit model again showed no developmental trend: the age coefficient was near zero and non-significant (p≈0.79), and a chi-square test across age bins also found no association (p≈0.98). However, there were some cross-cultural differences: several culture contrasts had odds ratios around 2 and p-values <0.01, and the median odds ratio for culture terms was about 2, indicating that children in some sites were moderately more likely than the reference culture to follow the majority once they relied on social information. At the same time, the overall model fit improvement was modest (pseudo R²≈0.02) and a simple culture-by-majority chi-square test was only marginal (p≈0.12), suggesting that these differences are real but not very strong.\n\nPutting these results together, the data provide clear evidence against strong developmental variation in either reliance on social information or majority preference across ages 4–14, and no evidence that overall reliance on social information differs by culture. There is moderate but not overwhelming evidence that the strength of majority preference varies somewhat between cultures. Because the research question asks whether children’s reliance on social information and preference for majority cues vary across cultures and developmental stages, the joint pattern is closer to a No than a Yes: developmental stability is strong, cultural variation is limited to majority preference and modest in size, and overall reliance is broadly similar across sites. I therefore assign a response of 35 on a 0–100 scale, reflecting a mostly \"No\" answer with some nuanced cultural differences in majority preference but no clear developmental shifts."}

