{"response": 20, "explanation": "Using the 629-child dataset (ages 4–14, eight sites), I examined whether children’s reliance on social information and their preference for majority cues vary across cultures and developmental stages. I first defined two main outcomes from the choice variable: (1) a binary indicator of reliance on social information (choosing either the majority or minority option versus an undemonstrated option), and (2) a binary indicator of preferring the majority cue among those who relied on social information (majority vs. minority choice). I then fit logistic regression models for each outcome with age (continuous), site (categorical), gender, and whether the majority option was demonstrated first as predictors, and used likelihood-ratio tests to assess the joint contribution of age and site.\n\nOverall, children frequently used social information: about 79% (496/629) chose either the majority or minority option. Among those who used social information, about 58% followed the majority demonstrators. However, there was little evidence that either reliance on social information or majority preference systematically varied by culture or developmental stage in this sample. For reliance on social information, the likelihood-ratio tests showed no significant effect of site (p ≈ 0.88) and no significant effect of age (p ≈ 0.61). The predicted probability of using social information was high and fairly stable across the age range (roughly 0.80 at the youngest ages vs. 0.76 at the oldest), indicating only a very small age-related change. For majority preference, the tests again showed no significant effect of site (p ≈ 0.12) and no significant effect of age (p ≈ 0.79). The predicted probability of choosing the majority option among social learners changed only slightly with age (from about 0.41 to 0.43). While raw site-level majority-following rates ranged from roughly 0.41 to 0.66, these differences did not reach conventional significance thresholds once modeled with other covariates.\n\nTaken together, these analyses indicate that in this dataset we do not find statistically reliable evidence that children’s reliance on social information or their preference for majority cues vary meaningfully across the sampled cultures or across the 4–14-year developmental span. There may still be small or context-specific differences that this dataset cannot detect, but based on the available evidence the answer to the research question is best characterized as \"No, clear cross-cultural or developmental variation is not supported here.\" The response value of 20 on the 0–100 scale reflects a fairly strong \"No\"—consistent non-significant findings across all models—while leaving some room for residual uncertainty and the possibility of modest undetected effects."}
