{"response": 25, "explanation": "I modeled the probability that the focal capuchin group won an intergroup contest using logistic regression with two predictors: (1) relative group size defined as the difference in group size between the focal and other group (feature7 − feature8), and (2) contest location advantage defined as the difference in distance from each group to the center of its home range (feature6 − feature5), where positive values mean the focal group was closer to its own home range center than the opposing group was to its own. The logistic regression estimated a positive/negative coefficient and associated p-value for each predictor. I examined the coefficient estimates, their odds ratios, and p-values to determine whether relative group size and contest location were statistically significant predictors of winning. For relative group size, the estimated coefficient was -0.070 (odds ratio 0.93, p-value 0.312). A positive coefficient and odds ratio greater than 1 indicate that larger focal groups tend to have a higher probability of winning, whereas an odds ratio below 1 would suggest the opposite. For contest location advantage, the estimated coefficient was 0.001 (odds ratio 1.00, p-value 0.531). A positive coefficient means that contests occurring closer to the focal group's home range center (relative to the other group) were associated with a higher probability of the focal group winning. Using a conventional 0.05 significance threshold, I treated the variables as meaningfully influencing win probability when their p-values were below 0.05. I then mapped the overall strength of evidence that relative group size and/or contest location affect winning onto a 0–100 scale, where higher values correspond to stronger 'Yes' answers and lower values correspond to 'No' answers indicating little or no evidence of an effect. Neither relative group size nor contest location showed statistically significant effects on win probability at the 0.05 level in this dataset, so I answered 'No' and assigned a relatively low score on the 0–100 scale to reflect the lack of strong evidence for an effect. Because the dataset contains only 58 intergroup contests, the estimates are somewhat uncertain, and small-sample variability means that modest real effects could fail to reach statistical significance. The conclusion therefore emphasizes the evidence present in this dataset rather than ruling out any possible influence of group size or location in the broader population."}