{"response": 95, "explanation": "Using the AMTL dataset (1450 observations), I first computed the overall proportion of missing teeth (num_amtl / sockets) for each genus. Modern humans (Homo sapiens) had 837 missing teeth out of 8247 observable sockets (AMTL rate ≈ 10.1%), whereas the non-human primates had much lower rates: Pan 41/1917 (≈ 2.1%), Papio 9/2264 (≈ 0.4%), and Pongo 2/1105 (≈ 0.2%). These descriptive statistics already suggest that humans experience substantially higher frequencies of antemortem tooth loss than the three non-human genera. To formally adjust for age, sex, and tooth class, I fit a binomial logistic regression using statsmodels, modeling the proportion of missing teeth in each record as the outcome with sockets as the binomial denominator (implemented via frequency weights). The predictors were genus (coded with Homo sapiens as the reference category), tooth class (Anterior as reference, with Posterior and Premolar dummies), age, and prob_male (a continuous proxy for sex). In this model, the coefficients for the non-human genera were all strongly negative and highly statistically significant: Pan ≈ -1.28, Papio ≈ -2.04, and Pongo ≈ -2.54, each with p-values < 0.001 and 95% confidence intervals that exclude zero. Because these coefficients represent differences in log-odds relative to humans, negative values mean that, after controlling for age, sex, and tooth class, the odds of a tooth being missing are substantially lower in Pan, Papio, and Pongo than in Homo sapiens. For example, the odds ratios implied by these coefficients are roughly 0.28 for Pan vs humans, 0.13 for Papio vs humans, and 0.08 for Pongo vs humans, indicating that humans have between about 3.5 and 12 times higher odds of AMTL than the different non-human genera at comparable age, sex, and tooth-class profiles. The model also shows that age is positively associated with AMTL and that some tooth classes differ in risk, but these adjustments do not eliminate the large human–non-human differences. Taken together, the descriptive frequencies and the regression results provide strong, statistically robust evidence that modern humans have higher frequencies of antemortem tooth loss than the non-human primate genera considered here, even after adjusting for age, sex, and tooth class. Therefore, I answer \"Yes\" to the research question and place my confidence at 95 on the 0–100 Likert scale (strong Yes)."}

